Feat: Tags reference (#213)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/tag.md

* Mixing operators is not supported. If you try to mix `,` with `/` in the same querystring,
you will receive an error.
* You may need to quote or escape some characters when using them from the command line.
* Filtering by `tags` is not supported in foreign key relationship endpoints. For example,
  the `tags` parameter will be ignored in a request such as `GET /services/foo/routes?tags=a,b`.
* `offset` parameters are not guaranteed to work if the `tags` parameter is altered or removed.

## Filtering examples 

The following examples show how you would filter Gateway Services based on the tags `example` and `admin`:

Use case | Example
-------- | --------
Get the list of all Services tagged `example` by passing the `example` tag as a querystring parameter | <code>GET /services?tags=example</code>
Filter Services with the AND (`,`) delimiter to get all entities that match multiple tags | <code>GET /services?tags=example,admin</code>
Filter Services with the OR (`/`) delimited to get entities that only match one of the specified tags | <code>GET /services?tags=example/admin</code>

## Schema

{% entity_schema %}

## Add tags to a Gateway Service

> The following examples show how you would tag a Gateway Service, however most Kong Gateway entities can be tagged in the same way.

Author: ```suggestion
The following examples show how you would tag a Gateway Service, however most {{site.base_gateway}} entities can be tagged in the same way.
```
